PART A: STEPS
1. Make a vcorpus of trainspam,trainham,testspam,testham
2. Clean the above data created as:
	I. convert to lower
	II. remove numbers, 
	III. remove Stopwords
	IV. remove punctuation
	V. reduce the words to their root form using stemmimg
	VI. remove whitespaces
3.Generate a DTM of the cleaned trainspam,trainham,testspam,testham
4.Prepare labels for training data in factor form for both spam and ham in concatenated form
5.Prepare labels for test data in factor form for both spam and ham in concatenated form
6.Concatenate train data of spam and ham
7.Concatenate test data of spam and ham
8.Generate frequesnt words from train data
9.Get only the frequent from dtm
10.Change numeric values of the sparse matix DTM generated to No if value is 0 else change to  Yes
11.Train the train data on naivebayes classifier and generate a precidtion for test data
12. Generate a Crosstable to compare test precited with the real values

PART B:Wordcloud:
Spam messages worldcloud includes words like http, softwar,intern,get,money,www,email which cannot be found in ham cloud. 
The ham cloud consists of words like ect,thank,know,enron,hou,gas,chang which cannot be seen in the spam cloud. These world cloud of
spam and ham tell us that, it will be easy for  Naive bayes model to classy messages as spam and ham due to these different words which can
be seen in the two clouds.

PART C:Evaluation of the performance of the classifier
From the crosstable generated without using laplace , we see that out of 478 messages 42(39+3) are incorrectly classified (8.7 percent)
These includes 39 from 348 ham messages that where incorrectly identified as spam messages and  3 out of 130 spam messages where 
incorrectly labeled as ham messages.
From the crosstable generated using laplace as 1 , we see that out of 478 messages 49(48+1) are incorrectly classified (10 percent)
These includes 48 from 348 ham messages that where incorrectly identified as spam messages and  1 out of 130 spam messages where 
incorrectly labeled as ham messages. henece we can see that with laplace estimator 1 the number of false negatives(spam messages incorrectly classified as ham)
increased from 39 to 48 and false positives(ham messages incorrectly classified as spam) decreased from 3 to 1.
Although using laplace we get less messages incorrectly classified as spam but a high increase in ham messages incorrectly classified as spam
,speaking from users presective, a user would prefer to have small number of spam messages received rather than the more number of ham messages being 
filtered out as spam message